$Id: AS_uploaddebug.txt,v 1.2 2005/05/04 21:20:13 herzogs Exp $

AcquiSuite upload process debugging feature.

The AcquiSuite upload process (senddata process) is responsible
for sending log and config files to a webserver.  This process
manages the storage space, compresses the raw files, and 
initiates communications with the webserver.  If configured
the process will issue dialout commands to the modem, and 
sync time with a time server. 

An upload session begins when the senddata scheduler finds
that the appropriate time to upload has passed, or if the
user clicks the "upload now" button.  Once started, the 
session runs until completed or until 70 minutes has elapsed. 
If complete, the senddata scheduler will review the number of
successful and failed log file uploads.  If any log file upload
failures were detected, and the upload retry count has not been 
exceeded, the scheduler will select a time for a re-send. 
(usually 15 minutes).  If all log files were successful, 
(regardless of config file success/failures) the scheduler will
select a time tomorrow for the next upload. (unless the A.S. is 
configured for hourly uploads.)

In the system log section of the AcquiSuite web configuration 
pages, the upload log will be presented.  This log file contains
information about the last upload session.   When a new upload
session is started, the last upload log file is overwritten 
with the new information.


Extended debugging information can be provided by the AcquiSuite.
This is most helpful when designing a website interface for the
AcquiSuite to upload data to. 

To enable this feature:

1) telnet to the AcquiSuite.  login name "root" and your admin password.

2) cd /etc/sysconfig

3) vi loggerconfig.ini
("vi" is the only text editor available.  If you are not
familiar with vi, stop here.  call Obvius tech support for 
assistance.)

4) add or modify the following two lines.

	SENDDATADEBUG=YES
	SENDDATATRACE=YES

If these lines are not present, add them to the end of the file.

Note: setting SENDDATADEBUG turns on some further transactional
information and SENDDATATRACE logs all data transmitted and 
received on the connection. 

5) save and exit vi.

6) In the setup/upload configuration page, click the "apply changes"
button once to reload the preferences file.

7) turn on the system debug log (system/log-files page).

8) click the "upload now" button to start the upload

9) open the system debug log webpage.  to filter this, change the 
URL ending to "section=senddata" rather than "section=" to limit 
the log report to the upload session information.
